inflation has dealt a crushing blow if
you're waiting for it to change my
goodness you are in for a world of hurt
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you I am here to level
with you to bring you the data and then
Empower you with the information you
need to know to make the best decisions
for yourself for your family throughout
this video I'm going to try to give as
much information as possible the things
that you have to do to make your
circumstances better I'm going to get
into it right away no time to waste the
first thing I wanted to look at was this
UK inflation has fallen more than
forecast the 3.4% that's the lowest
since 2021 that's good news right okay
we have this Canada's inflation rate
slows more than expected raising the
odds that the Bank of Canada will cut
rates in June good stuff right what
about this first time the grocery
inflation was lower than overall
inflation since
2021 interesting I mean we've got this
good stuff I mean that means things are
getting cheaper right I mean stuff's not
expensive anymore is it I mean this is
all good news right H home prices Rose
2.4 times faster than inflation since
the
1960s and you got to start understanding
this if the things we need the most the
food energy and shelter are rising
faster then quote unquote
inflation well then something isn't
adding up and that's where things get
real messy we're using these
measurements of inflation that have no
bearing in reality so if you are waiting
for some politician for some rule for
some policy regulation to be put in
place to make your life better you are
waiting for the wrong thing it's not
going to happen they might hand you a
little check here and there they might
throw you some crumbs but it is not
going to be the resolution to the
fundamental problem we have a
devaluation of the currency and you have
to be the one to foot the bill that's
the way it works every time they print
they screw you over I got more okay
there are things you could do by the way
but look at this discount retailer plans
closures this is talking about Dollar
Tree and um throughout 2019 I was
talking about how the dollar stores were
the only store basically that was
opening
locations and you had um you know a lot
of store closures during that
time there are different dollar stores
and all that kind of stuff but it looks
like some of these dollar stores are
starting to close you know the
non-performers this is fairly normal but
what I do see with the dollar
stores is that that um there's a cost
conscious um buyer there's no question
about it and we're we're noticing this
but also here um Olive Garden owner
Darden seeing lower income diners
spending less and so that's kind of the
trend here we're seeing issues that are
widespread I mean I'm seeing um problems
with that people unable to pay back
they're defaulting to some degree uh
delinquency are much higher than they
were over the past couple years and this
is like after all of the moratoriums
like all that stuff not even factoring
that in we're dealing with more issue
because the issues that we have are
compounded the longer this goes on for
the more they compound but we're don't
worry because we're near full employment
right yeah inflation's down inflation is
down there for the problem is O A okay
right look if you are not inreasing your
income dramatically every single year
this is going to swallow you up you
can't be making let's just say 7 to 10%
on your stocks you know your
401k every single year because there's
never a down year right every single
year and think that you're going to keep
up with the actual rate of inflation and
then do better that doesn't work like
that you have to have a considerable a
increase in your income each and every
year hard to do that's right it's no
question about
it Canadians hit the brakes on car
ownership saying it's too expensive High
inflation interest rates keeping more
people from buying or leasing a car this
year this is after all the craziness of
2019 where there was too many cars and
then 2020 where there were no cars
available and then that changed to well
we have cars but we don't have
semiconductors and then they just disa
it completely
disappeared it was the weirdest thing
like the the I don't know what to
believe what not to believe I only have
the data I look at the raw data if you
ask me which news channels I watch if
you ask me which YouTubers I watch the
answer is none I don't watch any and
that's just the end of it I look at the
raw data only and of course I do see the
news articles um but I get it from every
possible Source um I've shared some of
those before you could see the links in
the description under the
sources looking at this Auto prices are
cooling but we're never going back to
the old normal and that's really what I
want to discuss here the inflation rate
is coming down but that does not mean
that prices are going down that does not
mean that we are going to see prices at
a reasonable level ever again they will
just go up and it works like you know
they you see a huge Spike and then maybe
it kind of can Plateau there for a while
and then we see a huge Spike and then it
plateaus there that's the way things
work and they're trying to in general
we're seeing this in the services we're
seeing this also in Goods stuff right
the prices they are kind of hitting a
ceiling in many cases how much could we
squeeze out of these customers they're
doing that if you do not have the right
contacts if you do not get things from
the right places you are just going to
pay more I've talked about this before
let's give one tip the number one thing
that people should be doing is buying in
bulk well I do that already or I try my
best or I can't do it you should be
buying especially if you're in the
United States you should be looking into
the food terminal
in your area in some areas it's totally
open to the public the only you know
stipulation here is that you're buying
an entire case of stuff and you might
say yeah I can't do a case I buy a case
of bananas anyway but uh if let's say
you didn't want a whole case of bananas
okay can you split it in
three that's good you have your family
you have your neighbors you say look
let's go there let's buy in bulk and for
a good majority of our stuff we can get
that that for pretty cheap so these are
the things you you got to do people
don't even know about food terminals
because they're usually reserved for the
supermarkets or in some cases you'll
have the landscapers because they can
buy flowers there so depends on on the
food terminal uh some of them are not
open to the public or you need to have
like a food license so you need to be
like a restaurant or you need to be um
you know some sort of Supermarket like a
small Supermarket or whatever uh but
look into it food terminals I recommend
buying in bulk real bulk with food
inflation still hot consumers turn to
buy now pay later to pay
groceries and their takeout I mean
you're going to pay for your groceries
and your takeout using buy now pay
later I mean the take out that's a whole
different issue but your groceries you
know there's a problem you know that we
have
become you know an O this has become an
obvious issue when we're buying gross
with this and we're being told at the
same time that inflation's going down
look you you can see this um just
looking at it obviously 15 million
consumers they reported using by now pay
later installment loans to pay for the
groceries or manage their weekly food
expenses it is a very unfortunate thing
to hear that and you know it it's sad
saddens me of course um we're also
seeing the fact here with this whole
skimp flation now skimp flation comes in
many different shapes and sizes what
does that mean you know um not
shrinkflation but skimp flation so they
like they think about the soap the soap
they used to get was super thick it was
concentrated now that same soap maybe
the same size or maybe they shrink
flated the packaging but there's more
water in it so you're getting skimped
this is an unfortunate thing that we're
seeing widespread everywhere what are
the things that you can do number one
yes you can buy in bulk you can go to
the local farmer and say hey farmer or
you have Amish or menites depending on
where you live you can speak to them
they're in your area you just got to
search them
out and you could see what they have to
offer you a lot of times the prices are
cheaper um you know for many people
financially they have to look at it two
ways you can increase your income or you
can be prepared these two things like
you know I always talk about they are
discussed in my video pillars of
prosperity so if you type in the money
GPS pillars of prosperity you'll get
that it's also in the playlists on my
YouTube channel if you want to have like
without the the base level foundational
principles of the financial system you
know you're it's a a very it's very much
an uphill battle because the system is
built so that you lose so go to Compass
it's free I made that free for
you you you got to get in there it's
there's the compass is a free financial
education system it's literally just 20
minutes of videos super short videos
condensed and it's at the money gps.com
click on the button that says compass
and you get taken through and it's super
easy and everybody can win as a result
of it no other YouTuber does these kind
of things they all they use that as an
lead generator into their other things
there's no email there's no email
marketing there's no pay wall no other
guy does this I brought this to you and
I hope that will hear from you as it was
not just go and do it and never hear
from you let me know what you think if
you're appreciated this information hit
that thumbs up button and as always I'll
see you tomorrow take care